Fix type constraints link (#31717)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/values/variables.mdx

> The keyword `any` may be used to indicate that any type is acceptable. For
> more information on the meaning and behavior of these different types, as well
> as detailed information about automatic conversion of complex types, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The keyword `any` may indicate that any type is acceptable. For
more information on the meaning and behavior of these different types, as well
as detailed information about automatic conversion of complex types, refer to
```

Suggest changing "may be used to indicate" to "may indicate" to avoid passive voice. Also suggest changing "see" to "refer to" to avoid ableist language.

[Type Constraints](/language/expressions/type-constraints).

> If both the `type` and `default` arguments are specified, the given default
> value must be convertible to the specified type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you specify both the `type` and `default` arguments, the given default
value must be convertible to the specified type.
```

Suggest changing "are specified" to "If you specify" to avoid as passive voice style issue.
